# Support
## General
* Job Scope
  * A moderator in Support does not only moderate the section, but provide quality support as well. 
  * For this reason, it is a good idea to be in the #minecrafthelp channel on Esper to observe how certain issues are rectified, and also to obtain information of current known issues. 
  * The process of providing support can roughly be broken down in the following steps:
    1. The title of the thread checked, and made sure to be in the correct subsection.
    2. Read through the thread to make sure the posts abide to forum guidelines.
    3. Optionally, attach suitable prefixes to the thread if it does not already have one.
    4. Provide support as required, or have it referred to another member of the Support team, or other experienced members.
* Downtime
  * In the event of any service downtime (login, sessions, etc), redirect any duplicate threads to a designated "master" thread to prevent cluttering. The duplicate threads should be locked, and none of them warned. 
* Bugs
  * The support section may be confused with a place to report bugs, as such, any threads detailing bug reports should be directed to the official bug tracker. 
  * One thread of any specific bug should be kept open to facilitate discussion but further similar threads should be locked and directed to a determined "master" thread. 
* Locking support threads
  * Threads are to be locked when either the issue is resolved, as requested by the OP or when it is account related.
  * Moderation: 
    * For resolved issues, mark the thread with a "Resolved" prefix and lock the thread without a lock message. 
    * When requested to lock by the OP, no prefix is to be applied and no lock message should be left.
    * When it is Mojang account related, lock the thread but direct the member to Mojang Support. 
* Hijacking
  * Members might post in other members' support thread to obtain help. This can clutter the discussion between a supporter and the OP, hence it is better for each unique member to have their own seperate support thread. These posts should be warned with the "Hijacking" informal warning. 
  * Moderation: 
    * If the member details their issues in their post, warn and move the post to a new thread, and provide a suitable title and add prefixes. 
    * If the member does not provide details, warn, and remove the post.

## Tutorials
* No specific instructions

## PC Support 
* Place extra long text (i.e. DxDiag log or crash reports) inside of spoiler tags to prevent page stretching. Last edit timestamp should be disabled.
* Be extra vigilant when scanning through crash logs to pickup ones generated by cracked launchers. Members requesting for support of pirated versions should be warned. 

## Console Editions Support
* Account or connectivity issues should always be directed to the respective platform providers (i.e. Sony and Microsoft).

## MCPE Support
* No specific instructions

## PSVita Support
* No specific instructions
